##Notebook w1: Voxelization
>add text (pseudocode incl. parts of script)

>add image (visualisation)

>add link to notebook


##Voxel amount for each function
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In the previous chapter ([Functional requirements](###Functional requirements)) we already presented the big table with all the information about the square meters, and thereby the needed amount of voxels, required for each function. We transformed this table to what is shown in *[Figure X(problem)](link)*. Now you can easily see the exact amount of voxels that is needed for each facility. To get these numbers as a result, a little equation was used, which we will explain now.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;First of all we needed to know how large each room (from the cash desk to toilet room) is going to be, for each function the sum is found in the column ‘m² per element’. We could already translate these numbers into voxels. These numbers are made even by a function in google sheets, so there will be no problem if we want square rooms. The next step was to multiplicate these numbers (the square meters and the voxels) by the amount of elements that are needed (for example, there will be 100 starter housings and 3 workshop rooms), which sum up to the numbers as shown in column ‘m² total’ and the one on the right of it. The last step was assigning the third dimension to these rooms by multiplication of it by the z-direction. This is done by the number in the column ‘voxels (x, y)’ **\*\** the amount of floors **\*\** 2 (2 voxels of 1,8 meters fit into 1 floor).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The outcome of this table will later be used for growing the facilities.


<figure>
  <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vT0sUp0gzIcAXLd-qRPS5m_ltJWU1ofuI8gIKb5NOehaGCFWh0RYqbhcwKxFilVcD50h4oOWsCnp_CY/pubhtml?gid=938377998&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false" alt="Voxel amount per function" style="width:550px; height:400px;"></iframe>
  <figcaption>Figure X: Voxel amount per function</figcaption>
</figure>


##Kangeroo
>add text

>add (rendered)